feat(phone-input): add standalone phone picker component (#2915)
uber/baseweb: documentation-site/pages/components/phone-input.mdx

  <PhoneInputBasic />
</Example>

> <Example title="Alternative design" path="phone-input/alternative.js">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Example title="Phone Input Next" path="phone-input/alternative.js">
```

  <PhoneInputNext />
</Example>

> Use `PhoneInputNext` for an alternative look where the country picker is split from the input element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 10,  `PhoneInputNext` will replace the current `PhoneInput`, where the country picker is split from the input element.
```
